f/OS-659: Update Subgraph change log & version (#447)
aragon/osx: packages/subgraph/CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [UPCOMING]

### Added

### Changed

### Removed

## [1.3.0]

### Added

- Add support for `ERC1155` tokens.

## [1.2.2]

### Changed

> - Fixed missing interfaces of ERC20, ERC721, TokenVoting, AddresslistVoting, and CallbackHandler from DAO v1.3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed missing interfaces of ERC20, ERC721, TokenVoting, AddresslistVoting, and CallbackHandler from Aragon OSx v1.3.0.
```
